9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong, you're watching the
China show. I'm Ivon Man with David.
>> Good Monday morning. We're counting down
to the open markets in greater China.
Let's get to your top stories today.
Korean stocks leading these gains across
the Asia-Pacific as the AIdriven rally
uh gains further momentum, shrugging off
ongoing concerns and tensions in the
Middle East.
>> Oil rises. Meanwhile, as President Trump
rejects Iran's new peace proposal,
calling it quote totally unacceptable.
Also ahead, US officials say Trump is
expected to press Chinese President Xi
Jinping over China's approach to Iran
when they meet in Beijing later this
week.
>> And China's export growth defies
shipping disruptions caused by the Iran
conflict. The war shock may further lift
factory gate prices due this hour.
All right, we begin the week here of
course still with a lot of headline
driven news here where you have both
sides, the US as well as the Iranians
rejecting each other's latest peace
proposals. You are seeing oil markets a
little bit elevated here today. Whether
the tech trade continues, I think just
given the the tailwinds that we saw from
Friday from the Philly socks index
certainly shows that maybe North Asia
can still outperform. But again, again,
we got to bring it back to the the top
story here on where this leaves the
situation, the ceasefire and the like as
we countdown just days away from this
Trump summit in Beijing,
>> which which is going to be interesting
because we were just pointing out there,
right? uh White House officials are
saying that Donald Trump might press
China to do a lot more on on the story
and I think on the China side on the
economic side of things we got trade
numbers out on the weekend out of China
that does show that collapse in in
energy imports. So fundamentally it is
showing up in the Chinese economy. We'll
see what that looks like of course in
the form of inflation this hour because
initially in March we already did see
that spike uh in PPI prices, right? So
you have two largely parallel stories
that markets are digesting today.
Parallel meaning I think there is one
that is happening largely divorced from
the other. So Brent as you can see is up
4% but at the same time Korea is up 4%.
So those two things are not mutually
exclusive and as far as risk appetite is
concerned. U oh there we go. We now have
some breaking news right now. China is
confirming uh the trip uh to take place
from middle of this week and of course
we have a whole uh special coverage
planned for you guys ahead of that just
going into the session today as well.
Something of note is um how both leaders
frame the touchy topics of Taiwan and
also AI which is going to be interesting
to see an AI story of course. There we
go. We're up 3% in Korea today.
>> Yeah, that's going to be interesting how
they address these hot button issues or
whether they actually do get addressed
in a meaningful way. Right. I think most
of our, you know, editorial thinks that
this could be a nothing burger, but then
again, it does seem to think that, you
know, both sides need a bit more time or
buy more time here, of course, as
President Trump still battles with this
this Iranian war as well. Um, but
certainly, you know, the fact that the
Chinese have finally confirmed this,
right? We we're waiting. They're the
kind of the last sort of party to to
join in, right? And so certainly now
that that has been confirmed, it seems
like all things are going to be go on
schedule here. But yes, whether we do
get any sort of deliverables is going to
be quite telling as well. Whether it's
tariffs, you mentioned about chip
exports here. Um, and the PPI prices,
right, as you mentioned, you're starting
to see that pass through across this
part of the world.
>> PPI prices are expected to be at 1.8% in
April in China as well. So, we might see
more of that here this time around.
>> Yeah. Well, consumer prices are actually
not expected to pick up a lot more
compared to
>> Still positive territory.
>> Still positive. So, but it's really
playing out to the point you're making,
right? It's mostly on the wholesale
price inflation where uh the the Iran
story is showing up in the Chinese
numbers and of course uh later on as
well we'll talk more about with uh the
economy here with Xiao Jud out of credit
agricult uh just to also mention right
so AI we talked about the the memory
side of things and Ivon mentioned that
11% rally we had on the socks index on
the China component side of the AI story
uh we have lots of news to get into from
Alibaba the information and deepse
looking to uh go into this massive
funding around 50 billion So there's a
broad cohort of AI.
>> You saw it in the trade data, right?
Yes. You saw what it comes to energy
imports did sort of decline. But then
you take a look at what really
contributed to the export picture, what
contributed to the import picture, AI
related stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. We saw spikes here. And when
you're talking about even just green
exports, right, the whole ESS, the whole
batteries, EVs, anything related to the
EV supply chain, those were pretty much
saw big price spikes there or at least
spikes there in terms of the numbers. So
uh you know solar all the like here
you're starting to see maybe these
export tailwinds can continue as long as
the external picture and demand picture
doesn't change too much because of
>> yeah the business as usual right uh you
know a lot of folks in the markets have
moved on whether that's AI or at least
in this case of course this this energy
transition that obviously the war has
has has has accelerated right uh why
don't we get to the top story right so
we woke up this morning with President
Trump saying he has rejected this latest
peace offer as unacceptable now
according to a Wall Street Journal
report on the back of the the reasons
behind that decision here to call it
unacceptable. Uh Kran had offered to
transfer some of its stockpile of
highlyenrich uranium to a third country
but rejected the idea of dismantling its
nuclear facilities. Now Iran's
semiofficial news agency Tasim says
tyran has disputed that specific report.
>> For more on the reaction in energy
markets, let's bring in our Asia oil
trading reporter Yong Chan Chin in
Singapore. um ya your your take on what
we're seeing across oil markets. We're
up about three or 4% when it comes to
Brent this time around. What's the
latest?
>> Yeah. So in oil definitely you know
what's driving uh the market and what's
driving the traders um is is the report
that Trump has rejected Iran's offer.
You know very much uh the trading around
oil futures has been based on
expectations and on the direction of the
you know the resolution of the war. uh
you know one moment it's a peace deal no
peace deal so all these kind of very um
conflicting signals have been very very
difficult for oil traders to kind of
pass and so and this weekend it's just
more of that with you know initially
there was signs that you know Iran has
you know submitted a peace offer they're
willing to negotiate Trump has said no
so it's very much you know a lot of
conflicting expectations that oil
traders are kind of having to digest so
we've seen over the past you know week
or or or even longer prices have just
whips so up and down over these kind of
shifting expectations of how the war may
or may not end As of now, I guess uh
what traders are saying is that it seems
like, you know, we're going to have to
deal with this even longer. It's
definitely a negative. So, you know, for
sure prices have gone up as as we've
seen
>> prices on on the short end. And I think
yeah, your piece on the physical market
has at least for now largely moved on
from this. Can you explain to us in very
very simple English if you could what's
happening in the physical oil market and
why it doesn't seem like this one is a
that big of a deal compared to when we
started out the war about what 10 10 11
weeks back.
>> Yeah. So I I would say there's two
things that are happening. There's one
obviously on the futures front people
are pricing in expectations of you know
the conflict getting worse you know how
long it might take to resolve the war
but actually in the physical market
where we when we talk to you know
shippers and refiners and people
handling like actual physical barrels of
oil it's a slightly more nuanced and
almost paradox paradoxical picture sorry
and that's because um a lot of the
refiners you know uh straight forwards
are still effectively closed a lot of
supply is stuck so they're operating on
very um just on a just in time basis you
know they're no longer doing as much
forward procurement uh that's affected
benchmark pricing which is very much uh
tracks these longerdated you know prices
there's also of course um activity uh
related to how refiners are procuring
they they're they're buying their feed
stock from further and further away you
know countries like the US Kazakhstan uh
so all of that you know has drawn
activity kind of out of the Middle
Eastern market and so we do see a der of
liquidity in the physical oil market in
the Middle East you know in the
so-called Dubai market so that's kind of
uh that why we see prices kind easing
off in the physical market. But I do
want to emphasize it's not that you know
somehow it's representative of the
conflict easing or somehow traders are
expecting you know trade to restart.
It's very much uh representative of you
know shifting behavior among the
refiners and the traders handling
physical supplies and that's kind of why
we see those almost you know paradoxical
uh scene where physical prices have
eased off a little bit and yet you know
situations still very much dire futures
prices as we were just talking about
futures are up and so it's it's not like
it's it's not quite right to say there's
a calm but you know in the physical
world there is a little bit of a
pullback
>> yeah I mean to some extent part of the
energy market to your point is learning
to live with the reality we're in and
perhaps even I guess in some cases uh
learning to figure out how they deal
with it in case this becomes more
prolonged. Yong Chan Chen, fantastic.
Thank you. Our Asia oil trading reporter
there in Singapore for us really waking
up where we are right now 4% higher on
futures prices but maybe relative window
of stability in the physical markets.
Speaking of that, I think when you look
at equity markets have certainly moved
on from this, right? So S&P futures are
coming off lows a little bit. Mic is up
610 to 1%. The AI trade is powering the
Korean markets off highs at this point
already and we are poised for a modest
rally when things open up here in
greater China in a couple of minutes
here. Joining us now from Singapore's
Lorine Tan, director of Asia Equity
Research at Morning Star. Lorraine, how
much do you still think uh you know of
this war and how much does it still
affect your investment decisions?
>> It's still very much in the background.
we've seen uh the markets sort of uh
come back and uh sort of basically
ignore what's going on and it's
basically still our our our base case
views that there should be a resolution
by the end of the second quarter but as
we move into June I think we get a
little bit more worried that the risks
are going to be prolonged and we can't
you know ignore the fact that
petrochemical napa supplies are going to
be already in in um you know in in
precarious uh um um levels
So we are going to be seeing more risk
and at that at this continues I think it
does weigh on global growth this year.
>> The market doesn't seem to feel that way
Lorraine when I take a look at what
equity markets here in in this part of
the world and I think it's the whole AI
trade that that is buffering that you
have a call that maybe things are
looking a little bit too stretched
valuation wise. How do you think this
all going to play out here the next
coming months?
Yeah. So we've seen a big uh bounce up
in tech and you know basically earnings
are fantastic outlooks are very
positive. So that in itself is good
news. But I think in terms of valuations
when you look at where particularly you
know the share prices of uh some of the
memory stocks um they're really looking
into prolonged super cycle of uh demand
and that means that uh demand is going
to continue to exceed uh supply cap even
though capacity is going to come through
starting um towards the end of 20 27
into 28. So the expectation is going to
be prolonged uh over the next through
the next five years which is extremely
unusual for the tech space for the chip
space as a whole. So that's where we're
a little bit concerned and you know once
there's a little bit more of a comfort
in terms of supply you will see um
prices come down very sharply. Uh so
that's where we think um the markets are
a little bit stretched valuation wise.
We think uh you know risks if uh if
there are some disruptions to supply on
the chip side because of uh shortages in
raw materials somehow um that's going to
have some impact in in this space
because it valuations have moved uh be
you know beyond the next 3 years.
>> Lorraine just to clarify when you say
prices will come sharply down when we
have more clarity did you mean memory
chip prices or did you mean stock
prices? sorry, memory chip prices and
once that does happen, you should see a
pullback in share prices too.
>> Okay. One of your assumptions is the AI
capic cycle on that note peaks out 2028.
>> Um, can you just take us through that
assumption because there are lots of
moving parts and incredibly amount of
just major variables involved. We don't
know what the world looks like in 2028
is my point.
>> Yes, that's right. So, I should clarify
that. What I mean is that supply
capacity supply should start to come
through in 2028 into 2029.
>> So the good news that we've seen with
the recent um tech space is that there
is um the framework for more long-term
contracts coming through. So that
actually provides a little bit more
clarity much more better visibly than
where we were at previous in you know
previous cycles. um it also may actually
you know sort of curb or basically uh
reduce the downside um the the bottoms
in that sense. So that all that is
positive for the for the chip names. Um
but I think it doesn't ignore the fact
that once you know the average selling
prices of the chips memory chips in
particular start to come down you will
see a pullback in that sense because
growth will be impacted. So these are
cyclical stocks still. So at the moment
they are trending towards the peak of
their the cycle and at some stage when
capacity comes through it takes a couple
years for that to happen. They will
start to ease back and normalize and uh
come back down towards you know the
bottom of the cycle at some stage over
the next 5 years.
>> So is is it just the memory side of tech
that you think is is stretched now
Lorine or do you think it's it's the
whole tech sector
>> and how selective do you have to be in
the space now? Yeah. So, we are actually
we're not saying that there are no
buying opportunities in the tech space.
We' just be pretty selective. I mean,
some of the big names we still like like
TSMC for example. Um, you know, we also
actually would pivot towards some of the
hardware equipment companies because
they're actually seeing much better
long-term visibility as well from the
recent earnings outlooks. So, names like
Advant for example is something that we
also like.
>> Okay. Uh Lorraine, we have the China's
biggest tech companies, the OGs of the
world are reporting this week. I mean,
this is a group that has largely
underperformed
not, you know, the the memory names,
TSMC's of the world and also this new
generation of AI plays in China. What is
your assessment of, you know, the 10
cents, Alibabas of the world? And do you
think these are still potentially still
giving you alpha opportunities or has
that has that both passed?
I I do actually prefer these two names
at this point because as you said they
have they've lagged in performance. Um
obviously they're they're more of a
mixed story because they do have the
e-commerce uh headwinds and in some
cases they do have the delivery
headwinds in terms of Alibaba for
example. But you know the if you want an
immediate sort of boost I guess in terms
of um where where things can be
monetized I'd still pretty much prefer
these couple companies. um Tencent uh uh
Alibaba, we expect uh both to to be able
to generate particularly generate and
benefit from this the eye space over the
long term. So I think and they're not,
you know, reflecting the cyclical bumps
up at this stage. So we still think
there's um long-term potential for these
two names.
>> Okay, China Tech and some of those AI
alternatives. Lorraine is giving us some
good opportunities there. Lorine Tan,
thank you so much. director of Asia
equity research at Morning Star. Coming
up, we're set to get the latest CPI
print coming out of China along with
factory gay prices. We have credit
agricults
for us.
>> But ahead of that, we're looking at
what's at stake for this upcoming summit
between the two presidents after Beijing
has now confirmed in the last few
minutes that a US president will be
visiting later this week. Counting down
to the open of markets in Hong Kong, in
Shanghai, and in Shenzhen. 14 minutes
away. This is the China Show. Good
morning.
>> All right,
>> that that that promo just showed it all,
right? Something's happening.
Something's happening this week.
>> Not sure.
>> Well, China has confirmed that in the
last couple of minutes there, confirming
that President Trump's visit to Beijing
will happen later on this week. Let's
bring in our chief North Asia
correspondent, Stephen Engel, who will
be, as you saw, on the ground for the
event. Everyone's asking about what
deliverables can actually come out of
this just given that this Iran war has
really overshadowed a lot of the
dynamics, right? But what what could we
see in terms of outcomes?
>> Well, sure. think Iran will be that
giant elephant in the room uh on all
their meetings. Uh will it overshadow
and sort of derail the progress uh that
the US and China want? Both of these
countries obviously uh are putting great
importance into this very short
truncated if you will two and a half day
meeting. They have a lot to get through
and Donald Trump will be going uh likely
there'll be a state reception in the
great hall of the people Thursday
morning. Uh there'll be a White House
says they're going to go to the Temple
of Heaven in southern Beijing. They'll
take a stroll together uh through that
park which I was just there a few weeks
ago in fact and we shot some footage
there. I didn't have any advanced
knowledge but it was very precient
obviously. Um but then there's going to
be a working lunch on Friday before he
flies out. So there's a lot to get
through. You mentioned about some of the
deliverables. Are they going to be the
lowhanging fruit? Are they going to be
able to secure a lasting trade truce uh
beyond what they sort of stamped uh in
Busousan on October 31st? Uh and will
there be this board of trade, board of
investment that Jameson Greer, the US
trade representative, has talked about?
So that there's a lot of common interest
to get something formalized, but will it
happen in a short amount of time? You
know, keep in mind, um APEC is in China
this year, G20 in the US. So there's
going to be a lot of uh different
officials mingling around with each
other. So if it doesn't happen this
week, it could be drawn out over the
course of the remaining months.
>> What about hot button topics?
>> Uh Taiwan, Iran, there's a lot. I mean,
>> semiconductors, AI,
>> absolutely. Are they going to be
discussed? You know, how and how
in-depth will they be discussed? And
will there be any resolution about the
most advanced chips being allowed to go
to China or the export controls on rare
earths and the export controls on those
advanced chips? Those are hot button
issues that are probably not going to be
um solved obviously in a very two and a
short two and a half days. But soybean
purchases so in diplomatic channels what
I've been hearing is that there's the
B's and the T's. Okay,
>> the bees are what the United States is
kind of seeking out and that is Boeing
jets. That's been in the works for quite
some time. That could be announced. I
talked to David Purdue, the US
ambassador earlier this year. He says
that has been in the works. It's likely
going to happen. Okay, that was several
months ago. Let's see if they can bring
it across the line. Uh, also soy beans
>> and beef. Those are the other B's. And
then the boards of trade and boards of
investment that Jameson Greer has been
talking about. For China, they're the
T's. The B's and the T's.
are technology, tariffs, Taiwan. I think
Xiinping wants assurances from Donald
Trump uh about well we he obviously
doesn't want arm sales to Taiwan but
that is something that has gone through
Congress is possibly pending in DC. It's
something that Lching in Taiwan is
pushing for. We'll have to see whether
you know all goodwill goes out the
window if Trump goes back to DC and all
of a sudden the arm sales package to
Taiwan is approved. So again, there are
a lot of hot button issues that are not
going to be resolved in two and a half
days. Yeah. Uh but they can at least be
addressed.
>> Okay, Steve. Fantastic. Stephen Angel,
our chief North Asia correspondent there
for more on this upcoming meeting this
week. Of course, subscribers and clients
can check out, of course, our piece out
today here uh from our equities team. So
in terms of the equity uh market
overlay, the stock traders guide to
navigating this high stakes uh meeting
that's available on the terminal and
also on bloomberg.com. Right. It's 7
minutes to the opening bell. Hanging
index 31% to the downside. A shares are
set to rally. This is the China show.
All right. When it comes to inflation
numbers coming up in just about five
minutes time. So PBI prices are set to
spike, right? We're talking about a 1.8
print according to estimates from
economists here. The pass through to
consumer prices though might not be as
pronounced, right? You're still talking
about a slowing of prices there from the
previous month.
>> Yeah. Uh and of course a lot of that
also has to do with the fact that you
have changing patterns in terms of
what's being imported and exported. Uh
that's just to say uh credit agricult
joining us once those numbers break to
really give us the nuance here and what
the pass through might look like between
PPI 2 CPI and the latest on the trade
numbers too uh coming through right so
apart from that the 6.8 eight handle on
onshore is one we're tracking very
closely because we're very close to that
level on Friday. We got very close to
the level on Friday. Uh in terms of
turnover, three straight days of three
trillion a piece on a daily basis. Of
course, you have to discount the fact
that we are coming off a holiday given
that three 3-day window that preceded
that. So, just want to watch and going
into the open today, we are looking at
some declines although on the chip space
hardware that continues to show some
some some gains here.
>> Yeah, that's going to be the one thing
to watch. Of course you have Alibaba,
you have 10-centent all reporting this
week as well. So apart from that, you
also have US CPI prices. You have of
course this Trump meeting. There's a lot
on tap here. There you go. Chips are
still doing pretty good here. Huahong
Semi is leading the charge up some 5% in
the pre-market. The open is next
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Counting down to the open up
markets uh here in Hong Kong and up in
mainland China. Divergence as you can
see on your screens. Hanging weaker,
Asia market stronger. Um hardware is
doing quite well. uh he had some news of
course on Friday going into the weekend
from the information on deepseek aiming
to raise up to 50 billion yuan. You also
uh rally in chip stock. So that tailwind
across semis is still uh quite
pronounced this Monday.
>> Yeah, I mean that's why you got JP
Morgan when it comes to hiking their
stock targets for Korea once again. Now
they're talking 9,000 is their base case
uh when it comes to the costby here.
That implies a 20% upside but we
>> we could get there by tomorrow if you
think about that. We're already seeing 4
and a half% gains in the in soul here
this morning. So certainly that's one
thing to watch here, right? This AI
trade continues on for another day
despite the fact that you have the likes
of the US and Iran
>> saying that they rejected this peace
proposal. So oil markets are elevated,
but yes, the rest of the markets are
kind of moving on, right? So that
certainly is one thing. But even when we
talked about the physical market,
there's still a bit of calm from what we
saw maybe about 10 weeks ago. So perhaps
that's a signal that maybe things are
looking a little bit better positively
in terms of risk. Here it is. When it
comes to onore markets here, CSI 300,
we're we're just above that 4,900 level
here today. Shenzhen continues to be
hot. We're seeing gains about 3/4 of 1%
that has been led by the likes of CL.
We're flat on that stock, but look at
the chips. Given what the tailwinds that
we saw from Friday and the Philly stocks
index of 5% or more, we're seeing that
across the region here, even in China.
So we're up one and a half% for
Capricorn. We do have those inflation
numbers coming out here. Ooh, yes.
Pretty hot, Dave. For China terms. Yes.
>> Quite quite punchy. In a good way. In a
good way. So, I think we have 1 point in
a good way. Meaning, let's we have to
wait and see what's underneath the hood.
But one So, we have more inflation
coming through is is the initial
headline. 1.2%
on headline inflation. That is an
acceleration from the March 1%. We were
expecting a slight downtick to 0.9 on
wholesale prices. this coming in a full
percentage point higher than the median
estimate. So we're coming off half of 1%
uh in the prior month the survey was for
1.8% which was at that point of course
the first positive read on PPI in about
four years this one coming in near 3%
now uh on PPI prices.
>> Yeah. So, you know, there was, you know,
saying that there might be limited pass
through to to consumer prices. It seems
like it's it's a little bit more higher
than we thought. Um, so that certainly
is what the early indicators are
starting to see, right? Where you're
seeing broad increases not just in
upstream, but also mid-stream costs here
when you have oil prices on average
jumping some 54%. Uh, from a year ago,
you know, that's why you're seeing this
the sort of moves here that you're
seeing when it comes to prices. So um
for more I mean certainly the Hong Kong
markets aren't doing as well which is
interesting here just given HStech we're
on offer about we're down about a fifth
of 1%. We have the big tech earnings
coming through here from Alibaba and the
like here in just a few days or so but
Alibaba is already down uh some 2%.
There was some news about the Quinn
model being incorporated in Talib from
Reuters. That's not really helping the
stock here this morning today. Uh but
HSBC stands out here. That's the low one
that seems to be out of the mid the big
caps uh is slightly to the upside but
then again so it seems like onore
markets outperforming at least for now
in the early go of the morning.
>> Yeah. Okay. Let's get uh more reaction
really uh around this hotter than
expected inflation print on both fronts
um in mainland China for for April.
Joining us here on set is Shiao Judger
uh chief China economist at credit
agriculture. Good morning and happy
Monday. Uh very nice to see you. So you
just learned the numbers too. So the
initial reaction is what
>> definitely I think China's reflection is
happening faster than people expected
and especially on the PPI front. Uh I
think uh for the CPI uh for the PPI I
think definitely the ongoing Middle East
conflict and the elevated global energy
prices has likely um pushed up the
upstream
uh energy prices and also those uh uh
industrial goods. Um but I think
underneath if is happening so fast I
think these um transmission of the uh
these energy prices into MRI could be
also happening quite um a bit um faster
than people expected and beyond that I
think there are something that we should
also uh look into. For example, the
global AI boom is really I think is also
having its impact on some of the uh
related raw materials and equipment,
machineries and also some of the uh some
of the final demand prices as well. Um
for example, if you look at yesterday's
uh trade uh the Saturday's trade data,
it al already shows that um China's chip
export I see export that was doubled
from a year ago. And if you look at the
chip uh export price actually also rose
by 80%. Uh so I think these um uh global
energy prices and the demand for AI
related materials and products and also
if we look at these anti-evolution
policies that has been going on in China
that could also help to address some of
the supply demand imbalances that we
have seen in the past. Uh so I think uh
this is quite telling of something and
of course I think uh if you look at
these um base effect and the second
quarter third quarter last year PPI was
quite negative.
>> Do you expect when it comes to the
export side of things that it really is
going to be
>> the renewables the green exports that
are going to be driving those overseas
shipments? We saw that when it comes to
EVs, solar even in the last few weeks or
so.
um is that's what's going to keep those
tailwinds going. M I think the number
one uh like contributor the leading um
driver is still AI and the related tech
demand and the even uh so for example
the automatic data processor uh and uh
these IC chips that that had jointly
contributed more than half uh half of
the handline as growth as well as half
of the the imports of the related
products. also is contributing half of
the input growth which was 24%. And EV
and I think China exports uh uh growth
in April was 44% I think that is also u
quite strong. uh so I think these um
global AI related tech trade and also I
think there will be rising demand for
China's renewables as well because if
these um
>> energy prices keep elevated and there
have been more of the uncertainties
related to when we are going to have the
reopening of the straight of
>> hormones.
>> How about domestically? Are there any
signs that part of this reflation is
demand driven? M yeah
>> internally
>> if we look at the highline CPI uh so uh
1.2% 2% I think fuel prices has
definitely uh has is a positive
contribution if you look at the fuel
prices it drop uh rose by 21% in year
terms in April so I think that
contributed 0.5 percentage point but
beyond that if you look at the core CPI
inflation of course we need to look at
details later but in the first quarter
coin inflation was uh 1.2% 2% is also uh
relatively is has been on a mild
climbing path uh in the past few
quarters. Uh so I think that uh is also
showing that China's domestic demand
recovery is taking place but is not uh
as fast. Yeah. You mentioned this
reflation sort of trend that we're
seeing, right? Whether it's PPI, CPI,
exports continue to be strong. There's
there's some even daring to say that the
property market is has bottomed as well.
Are you seeing more I guess the stars
aligning for this reflation story to
really take effect now in China?
>> And what could be stopping it? So I
think um for property I think is there
has been early green shoots but is more
concentrated in tier one and the major
tiered cities. I think it's still very
difficult to call there will be a
broadening of those property market boom
beyond those number of the key cities.
Uh property prices I think showed some
early stabilization but still very
concentrated. Uh I think um you know I
think there could be some of the
improvement in the doc's sentiment
regarding China's uh uh median to
long-term story becomes more
constructive and with this inflation
with these um uh corporate earnings
improving and uh we see the stock market
has been coming back um so there has
been a little bit more willingness to uh
to to spend. But I think in terms of how
labor market is uh currently um uh is
developing is not super helpful. So I
think beyond this um drivers of in those
sectors that are more related to tech
demand and then there are more related
to these energy prices. We need to see a
little bit more coming back for
consumption to say that China is really
um back on the parts of uh uh reflation
story that is more driven by demand than
supply. Yeah.
>> Do we get additional rate cuts this
year?
>> Uh I think the probability is getting uh
smaller and I think is getting more
delayed. Um because if you look at these
um uh global central bank policy
decisions there clearly becomes much
less doubbish and more hawkish. And if
you look at the ECB uh look at the
global Fed and even look at these the
market pricing has changed quite rapidly
over the course of last 10 weeks. Right?
So so for for China data seems to be
still doing okay quite okay. uh and
reflation is taking place and I think uh
China for now if you look at these uh uh
plan out and the latest poly bureau
statement I think is more uh they are
quite comfortable on developing these
medium to long-term growth stories that
will be uh more focusing on more high
quality growth and industrial
development and technology innovations.
So those fiscal and monetary policies
will likely to be more targeted in
nature. Uh so but of course if there is
a sudden external shock that is severely
impacting China's data real data and
also um really risol in terms of China's
financial market. I think PC still have
some moderate room but I don't think
it's going to be
>> the main monetary policy tool. So I
think the biggest risk will still come
from external rather than internally.
>> It's the perfect segue to say it seems
like the data suggests that China is
heading into these trade talks or summit
with President Xi in some position of
strength. Um would you would you
classify that and then how do you think
what does that mean for deliverables? Do
you think that we we likely get anything
from this meeting this week? Uh I think
I think this latest positive signal is
that the vice premier helifhone is
meeting with us uh treasury secretary
scorpens in Korea. Right. So I think
there are the the definitely the senior
officials from US and China are working
on something that hope hope when u miss
uh President Trump when he meets
president she in Beijing there could be
something to sign. So I think but but I
think it will likely to be the durables
will likely more focus on trade of goods
for now. I think there are things that
that could um be uh delivered for
example uh the China's uh commitment
into purchase of US goods, agriculture
goods, energy goods uh like uh the
aircrafts and uh and they could be uh
some purchase of the uh not so sensitive
um semiconductors for example if that is
not crossing uh these national security
red lines. uh and I think uh for the
tariff truths right so so um last year
in Bushan China and uh US had this trade
truth so I think there could be some
arrangement to be made to send the truth
and there will be recently there have
been tariff in investigations under
section 301 uh so that would be um there
could be some tariff um frictions
arising when these um US section 122
tariffs comes due in July. So there are
could be um tariff arrangement to be
discussed uh as well. So and also these
rare earth and semiconductor trade. Uh I
think there are certainly this will be
an important event for us and China to
>> you know potentially um take further
discussions and potentially make some
concessions as well.
>> All right. Thank you Shaja J there chief
China economist at credit agricult and
as we just talked about here it's a busy
busy week when it comes to not just this
Trump she summit that's happening uh on
Thursday yeah Scott Besset in Japan and
South Korea ahead of the summit to meet
with Holifo maybe to iron out some some
you know nent sort of details here on
what a sort of deal or anything that
could come out of of what happens in
Beijing so good signs pointing to that
in the early parts of this week you have
US CPI numbers that's the big one here
given that it is also Powell's tenure
ends this week as well. So Kevin Worsh
steps into the fray. We're expecting
those CPI presses to be quite punchy as
well. CPI expected at 3.7% which is the
highest since 2023. What else are you
watching out for too?
>> I'm I'm wondering if the Fed chair
actually packs his own boxes is my
question. And whether or do the staff
come in and do the packing as they I
guess
>> well he's not completely he's staying on
right as as um
>> yeah I don't know if he's staying in the
same office.
>> Yeah, he might have to switch offices
and tables. Not that that's
consequential at all, but you asked me
where my mind was. That's
>> we also got
>> where I was thinking. But anyway, yes.
Um and of course in inflation's coming
through as Avon is pointing out. Okay.
Um
>> right. Uh well, apart from that,
obviously some big big big earnings as
well coming through. Of course, Chinese
techcent
Yaba reporting this week. And speaking
of Alibaba reporting, we're down about
3%. More on all the news concerning
Alibaba over the weekend. This is
Bloomberg.
Right. Uh the rally we're seeing today,
uh by the way, we're no longer in the
pre-market session, but you you can
trust the moves you're seeing on your
screen. So we're looking at uh quite a
substantial rally across hardware
related names some of the foundaries
there SMIC and yeah uh so more more of
the same and this is just to say also
the rest of the regions also seeing this
AI rally continuing too
>> AI rally the chips certainly are once
again the number one sort of pick
amongst this AI trade but then you had
news of deepseek according to some
reports about that valuation and then
there's also this Alibaba news from
Reuters to integrate Quinn with Tao the
stock though is down some 3% of ahead of
of course the earnings that come out
this week. Let's bring in our China
correspondent Milo and all the news
revolving around Alibaba here. The the
plans to integrate Quinn in into Tao.
Tell us a bit more about what we're
hearing so far.
>> Yeah, I'm actually really excited about
this because I think Alibaba is
absolutely the market leader and they
are now going to create the number one
largecale aentic AI shopper because
they're going to integrate Quinn with
Tao. And this is an extremely complex
undertaking because there are 4 billion
plus product listings on Tao. they have
to index it and sort of integrate it
with quen. It's huge amount of
parameters and make that queryable with
natural language. Um and so you can now
you know get not just product
recommendations but the AI agent can
then shop for you make the purchase for
you. It can even handle uh post uh
purchase services like returns and
refunds. So they have to integrate it
across not just TAPO but to their
logistics platform TAO to Alip pay for
payment as well. So it's an end toend uh
system. And just this morning, our
colleague Anthony Stevens, he was asking
me to look for a product for him on Tao,
>> which was what?
>> Uh, something related to that. What's
that that Chinese film that was?
>> Oh, Pursuit of Jay.
>> Yeah, he wanted a hat from that. But I
mean, in the future, you can just ask
Quen to do it for you. And imagine what
this opens up for the millions of
non-Chinese speaking users, especially
in Southeast Asia, who are increasingly
interested in using e-commerce
platforms. So this is quite an important
game changer and no other company is
doing that in the scale that uh Alibaba
is and
>> and it avoids all the time that I get
into these like tala rabbit holes.
>> Yeah.
>> Where I just start looking at all
different sorts of tangents of things
when I was just looking for maybe like a
pencil
>> or you know
part of their part of their their sort
of algorithm to get get you hooked on
the system
>> and spend more time on it.
>> It's kind of dangerous though when it
does end to end for you. It's almost
like you don't have to shop anymore.
It's like I don't I simply have to
conceptualize me looking at you know how
your phone listens and then stuff comes
up.
>> It's almost this and then it's it's it's
it's been delivered the next thing you
know. Uh talk to us about uh Deep Seek
and the story out of the information.
>> Yeah. So Deep Seek is now looking to uh
raise its first round of external
funding up to 50 billion UN according to
the information and according to the
information as well the CEO is looking
to invest about 20% so about sorry about
40% 20 billion UN personally and
according to the SEMP the other
investors are mainly statebacked
investors as well as Hillhouse for
example the global investment firm 10
cent could be interested as well. Uh so
clearly a lot of interest in what is
seen as the national AI champion here
and of course this comes soon after the
company has uh unveiled its V4 model. uh
and that had really sparked a race among
these chip makers in China to try to
adapt their platforms and make it fully
compatible with Deep Seek and Huawei is
one of the first to announce that their
Ascend chip platform is now fully
adaptable to Deepseek. And according to
the information, Deep Seek is going to
provide another upgrade as soon as June,
an upgraded version, the 4.1 version
that can then process uh audio and
visual although it can only generate
text output still.
>> Okay, Minman, thank you so much. Mimllo,
our China correspondent there. Uh,
right. Um, as we were just mentioning, a
lot of big companies are coming up with
earnings this week, next few days. Of
course, Alibaba, 10 cent, Soft Bank, all
reporting this week, just a a
cross-section of these big companies
reporting.
>> Yeah, it's a little bit of everything,
but really, can we see a bit more in
terms of this catch up when it comes to
China Tech here? We we had Morning Star
Lorraine Tan early this morning saying
look they should actually be rallying on
the back of AI cost reductions and
proving monetization but they're just
not quite uh compared to what we're
seeing Korea and Taiwan right now. We
got plenty more coming up. This is
Bloomberg.
All right, just going to recap those
inflation numbers that we got out of
China just a few moments ago. So the PPI
prices actually was better than expected
by more by about 1 percentage point. So
certainly was a pretty punchy number
when it comes to factory gate prices as
well. So 2.8% 1.2% 2% for the consumer
price index there also beating the
median estimate as well Dave and
certainly you know when it came to the
core CPI as well that also came in uh
slightly stronger than the previous
month of 1.2%. Yeah, you know the point
that our guest earlier just made is that
we are seeing a lot of this come through
in the form of supply shock but there is
also an underlying
>> uh demand uh signs of underlying demand
starting to also pick up which is why I
think you put those two things together
this reflation story is really quite an
opportune time to your point right ahead
of this big meeting this week. Yeah. And
and you know as as credit agricult
said like it's it really is you know not
just the inflation numbers export
numbers which continue to show it's tech
exports it's AI related chip exports
green exports that continue this whole
export machine out of China here as
well. Something that we have to look
ahead to of course as there is still
remains a lot of uncertainty in this
Iran war.
>> Okay. Um let's talk about the antivirus
here and some of the sort of diagnostic
names some of the uh effectively almost
a flashback of uh and hopefully it
doesn't get to that point. A lot of
people are hoping it doesn't. There's no
indication it will. Uh some of the names
that we were looking at as the pandemic
was was was kicking off what five six
years ago now. Uh a lot of these names
are actually rallying quite
substantially. This is a continuation by
the way of a movie we saw already late
last week on the back of this this story
here. Yeah, certainly is a concerning
story when you read uh what happens of
course uh on on these cruise ships. So
certainly that continues to be uh one
thing to watch as well. Um when it comes
to the benchmarks here today, it seems
like it is on shore over uh Hong Kong
here today. But yeah, overall has been
quite quiet. You are seeing yields
though in the back end of the curve
higher on that inflation print.
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300. A half hour into
the session. Sunny skies in Shanghai. We
are seeing a pretty bright sort of start
to the week here when it comes to the
CSI 300. We're up about 610 of 1%. those
inflation numbers uh quite positive and
quite punchy too. PPI prices uh had a
two handle on it. So certainly uh that
is one thing of this reflation story
that continues to kick on here. Hong
Kong not doing as well. Maybe everyone's
still recovering from high rocks maybe
over the weekend Dave.
>> Yeah, mini
>> hangover there. Maybe Hyrox hangover.
That's a thing.
>> It was It completely
>> dominated your Instagram.
>> My Instagram feed. I was actually and
you know we were talking about this
early on you know I wasn't gonna say
this but
>> you didn't want to talk about it
>> but you know I was telling you I had to
reset my phone over the weekend right so
that was so I didn't have a phone for 12
hours which was heaven
>> given all the garbage that was coming
through on the weekend
>> my favorite part about the the Hong Kong
hierox I got to say was was the dim sum
carts that they were pushing. Did you
see that?
>> Yes. Yes. 30 kgs I believe
>> which I heard was actually quite heavy
but yeah it just goes to show dim some
ladies they got some they got some
muscles man I got to say
>> I heard it was the biggest too if
someone's going to correct me it's the
biggest
>> biggest in I mean they had to do it over
three days right so
>> chances are you knew someone that did it
and congrats everyone that
congratulations of course and all the
mothers out there hope you had a good
mother's day as well
>> yes of course yes of course forgot about
that too um not forget about the news
what are we talking about today
inflation
>> u the ceasefire isn't isn't happening
although I I think Iran is disputing the
journal report on the reasons
>> why the
>> why Donald Trump was was was was
disappointed with the response to that
proposal. Um and then you have these big
earnings. But again like all of these
things we can talk about all of all of
these things but the chip rally is just
offsetting.
>> In fact just two stocks are offsetting
everything else we talked about just
this crazy rally.
>> Look at that.
>> SK Highix is up 12%. Samsung's up seven.
>> The rest of the market is actually lower
in Korea. Right. It's really kind of
bringing up all these these chip names
up, right? Look at Huah Hong Semi.
There's a huge dispersion that you're
seeing across some of these Chinese sort
of plays here from, you know, the
semiconductors to even just like the the
producers. So certainly, you know, it's
going to be I don't know does that bode
well for Alibaba this week just given
the fact that they have earnings coming
out 10-centent as well. They're really
not participating as of right. But even
TSMC, it's interesting, right? There's
they're starting to see some rotation of
the the the big names in Taiwan, maybe
to those alternatives like Morning Star
said, right? The media tech story
continues on too.
>> Yeah. So she likes Lorraine likes media
techch
>> Adventist in Japan.
>> Adventist and you know to the point
you're making on Alibaba and 10 cent
those are her two preferred names of
course because they have underperformed
uh the broader rally right. So something
to watch of course going into going into
the thick of things as well. I mean
mentioning the Cosby index you know we
we're at 8,000 now. So I think it was JP
Morgan that hike their own target I
think it's 9,000
>> 9,000. Yeah.
>> I mean we could get there by lunchtime
really looking at the pace. That's an
exaggeration, of course, but if someone
had told you the cost of 8,000 this time
last year, they would have called you
crazy and just uh thrown you out the
door. But here we are. Uh folks, this is
this is happening despite oil prices
acting up again today on the back of the
other story we're tracking, which is of
course Iran and
Okay. Uh okay. Uh we have now a line
crossing on Alibaba. But let me just
mention of course oil stock oil is up
because up four oil prices are up 4%
right now.
>> Yeah. So that certainly is is
interesting, right? Because this one
>> when when oil prices are moving up, the
tech trade continues on for another day,
right? So, you know, and and you're
starting to see more lines crossing
through, not just on the chip space, but
Alibaba, the news from Reuters talking
about how they're going to be
integrating the Quen AI model to the
Taoba. We have in just the last few
seconds, the company has confirmed that.
So, they've opened all of Tao to Quinn
AI. Oh,
>> ushering in.
>> Go shop. Start shopping now, guys, and
see what what changes are bring about.
But it it should be easier, right, when
when someone can help you out with
shopping on top.
>> Less time for you because you find I got
to say shopping on Taba is overwhelming
for me because it's just there's just so
many things that you can and once you
find one thing, then they recommend
something else and then you just you're
you're up at, you know, midnight still
looking at things in your cart.
>> Looks like you need to find your new
shopper.
>> Quinn Quinn is going to be my friend.
>> I'm going to say that. All right. Um
Trend is also our friend. Let's bring in
of course having m live he's our market
strategist and and talks us through
what's what's going on. you're still
tracking what's going on in Korea and
it's it's been very interesting right
where you know these two stocks continue
to drive the cost behind
>> relentless right what you said I so I we
were just talking that we were looking
at the index most of the index is down
today right despite the massive jump
today and as you said it's it's two
stocks for now um but that's really the
story we're seeing globally and we're
seeing certainly in Asia right so MSEI
Asia-Pacific index is is up um and And
on and again on the fundamentals it's
very strong. Right? So aggregate
earnings growth for this quarter is
running at 34%.
But technology is is the vast majority
of that. It's well over 160%
year-over-year. And again sort of the AI
adjacent names sort of in the industrial
space and materials are also really
strong. Um so we're increasingly getting
concentrated in a single theme in a very
small handful of stocks. Um, and and
that's a risk, but concentration is not
necessarily a catalyst for a reversal.
And and I think that's um I think the
market's going to need something more
sufficient than to just continue to see
more concentration u to see this rally
really reverse.
>> And we're getting more from the sales
side, too. You probably heard the JP you
saw the JP Morgan call on 8,000.
>> Um I think no, sorry, 9,000. 9,000, I
think. And I think we're also flashing
the Can we flash? Did we just flash the
the market breath chart? I want to look
at that too.
>> Well, how long can it continue, I guess,
is the is is the question for now.
>> I'm assuming it will is is the point
looking at sellside projections here.
>> Yeah, I I I think it's an equation right
now of of two elements, earnings and
then the the sort of geopolitical tail
risk, right? So we saw again today oil
is up which is you know a certainly a
negative for most of the benchmark and
we're seeing that um if we look at
consumer names um but uh it's not enough
yet to disrupt the tech trade because it
remains contained right as long as I
think the market assumes that some of
these negative headlines are are
negotiating tactics it can move the
price of oil it can certainly be a
headwind for some other parts of the
benchmark but it's not enough to reverse
the tech rally and then earnings
you know, it it just keeps getting
ratcheted up higher and higher in terms
of expectations. But so far, we've just
seen most of these tech names continue
to uh beat those earnings and and we see
it ratchet up further. So, if we see a
crack there, um you know, that that that
could, you know, potentially reverse
things, but um it's a high bar.
>> You know, when things are interesting,
when the numbers get so stretched in
Korea because of all the numbers zeros
that that are there in terms of stock
prices and price moves. Um David, it's a
big week as we say, you know, when it
comes to not just you have US inflation
numbers coming out earlier this part of
the week and then you have the Trump
cheese summit.
>> What do you think is going to matter to
markets more? Also Alibaba earnings to
throw it into the fray too.
>> Yeah, earnings are are certainly still a
feature. I think interestingly Alibaba
10-centent earnings and the Trump summit
is interesting. We we saw actually um on
on Friday some big flows into some
Chinese listed sorry USlisted China tech
ETFs. Um but again I think that we've
certainly seen it in Asia like the
divergence between consumer tech you
know consumer names versus you know the
hardware players you know China
semi-names or the optical trade um is
very stark. So either we'll start to see
perhaps some convergence there if we
start to see um you know the housing
market you know bottom a bit and we see
some you know better consumption numbers
you know perhaps we see those consumer
names start to catch up because you know
the valuations look very attractive. Um
but for now again I think the trend is
your friend and and um you know I think
that that's pro probably will continue
to see the hardware names outperform.
>> And how's your team looking at Iran and
the latest there today?
>> Well I I think again I think it's the
it's it's the context where it as long
as it's contained in a range we'll
continue to see you know some assets
reflect that if it's consumer names or
certainly on the bond side FX side. Um,
but on the equity side, we're being
really driven by by the tech trade and
it's at, you know, a 3% move in the oil
prices is at this point not sufficient
to reverse the rally.
>> Yeah, which is it's just crazy to even
think about. Um, David,
>> it's not moving the needle at all.
>> 3% gains on oil. All right, thank you so
much, David, our live market strategist
joining us here to talk through some of
the price action here this morning. What
to watch out for this week. Coming up,
China confirms President Trump will be
in Beijing this week for a summit with
Xi Jinping. We'll be looking at what's
at stake for the first US presidential
trip to China in nearly a decade. This
is Bloomberg.
All right, we got a whole team as you
saw there heading to Beijing the next
few days as well. Now that China has
confirmed that President Trump's visit
to Beijing will happen later on from the
13th to 15th of this week. Let's bring
in our chief North Asia correspondent
who will be on the ground for the event.
And of course, you know, everyone wants
to know what's going to be what's going
to be reasonable in terms of what could
come out.
>> Yeah. So, what are the deliverables to
use State Department parliament? Um,
that's a diff difficult question to
answer because there's a whole laundry
list for these two sides to get through.
Keep in mind it was all the way back in
October when you and I were there in
Busousan, South Korea, when the last
time they met and they sort of
solidified a truce. But again, there's
still lots of distrust between the two
sides and there are a lot of issues
still to be resolved. They're not going
to be resolved in two and a half hour
two and a half days. It'll seem like two
and a half hours, I know, in Beijing
coming up later this week. Uh but again,
complicating the to-do list or the
musthaves is going to be the war in
Iran. Obviously, Trump is going to be
pressing she obviously for answers if
not cooperation. uh and also
highlighting some of the issues uh that
the US side has with Beijing's support
of Iran. Now whether that's through
financial support, uh military support,
we don't know if that's happening or
not. Uh and just support in opening up
the Straits of Hormuz, that's what
Beijing has been talking about. Wangi
has been talking about the Straits of
Hormuz must be open. So there could be
some conflicting narratives coming from
the two sides. And one thing in this
report I'm just going to toss to right
now is there they haven't had a lot of
time to put together the agenda for
these talks. So it could sort of spiral
out of control where the war in Iran
dominates everything and then the
deliverables are left uh in the last
minutes. Here's a preview.
State visits to China of this magnitude
usually take months of preparation.
countless hours of back channel horse
trading and optics planned to the most
precise detail. By many accounts, that
hasn't happened ahead of this summit,
especially with Washington's attention
squarely on the war with Iran.
There's palpable concern here in Beijing
that this two-day affair could be
splashed with far too much spontaneity
for China's liking.
>> They want no risk. They want a no thrill
summit. And they want deliverables on
both sides clearly defined. How do you
do that with an administration that is
not engaging in the traditional way that
US administrations have engaged their
counterparts in China?
>> Is there a clear China policy, do you
think, in the White House?
>> No, I don't think there is.
>> The issues are endless. Front and center
could be the war in Iran.
>> Iran is the world's largest state
sponsor of terrorism, and anyone who's
buying oil from Iran is contributing to
that. We're looking for stability with
China. We don't want this to be
something that derails the broader u the
broader relationship or any agreements
that might come out of our meeting in
Beijing.
>> Also, will the two leaders solidify a
more lasting trade agreement?
>> Boeing airplanes, soybeans, rare earths,
perhaps even the most advanced AI chips
could all be up for discussion. The fact
that the US is hosting G20 and China is
hosting APEC, which means their
ministers are running around in each
other's big cities all year long and the
two leaders will meet in these
multi-ateral environments is also very
positive. But is Taiwan on the table?
She may want certain assurances from
Trump with an arms package to the island
pending in DC.
The two sides may end up playing it
safe, announcing easier deliverables
like better people-to-people exchanges
or even visa-free travel. A long shot
for sure, but China has implemented that
with many more countries of late as a
diplomatic outreach and a way to boost a
sluggish economy. As far as the services
sector goes, there's absolutely no
question at all that the domestic
tourism market is absolutely booming.
Keep in mind this summit is on China's
turf, begging the question, has the
Trump White House readied its most
effective away game plan. They're
putting a lot of stock on the personal
diplomacy between President Trump and
President Xi. It's not a long-term
strategy. It's a short-term strategy.
And a little forethought on our part.
They were shooting at Tiantan, the uh
Temple of Heaven uh about last month uh
when we were doing this preview package.
That's where they're going to be on
Thursday afternoon. They're going to
take a stroll, she and Trump, through uh
the Temple of Heaven after a state
meeting at the Great Hall of the People.
We expect on uh Thursday morning and
then a working lunch on Friday before he
jets off. So, there's not much time.
>> Uh we're hearing, well, a two-part
question. We're hearing these sanctions
on Chinese satellite imagery companies
and is that part of the broader
posturing we're seeing from both sides
ahead of these talks too.
>> Well, well, clearly the Trump
administration is concerned by China's
support of its ally Thran, whether
that's, you know, as we heard from
Jameson Greer talking about the
purchases of Iranian oil. China buys
almost all of uh Iran's oil and a lot of
that is not necessarily going through
the straight of four moves right now. Uh
but this sanctions is added to the
entity list we're hearing. United States
has added three satellite imagery
companies from China. Again, one of the
concerns that the US side has is that
China is providing these companies uh
what is it? Me entropy technology, the
earth eye and also Changang satellite
technology. They've been providing
satellite imagery which is it's an
industry and a sector which has boomed
with all the LEO satellites low earth
orbit satellites and all the like
providing that to the Iranians that
they've been able to use for their
military purposes to strike US assets
across the Middle East. So that's
another very contentious issue. There's
also something which I think we need to
take into consideration as well going
forward and that is the data that
Bloomberg has seen because the straight
of Hormuz is there's a blockade in the
oil export uh I think it's Car Island
there in the Persian Gulf is blockaded
by the US we're seeing exponential
increase in amount of rail travel uh
from the data we have is from Shian and
central China through Kazakhstan
Turkministan to Thran that has uh risen
quite right? You know, considerably it's
oneway traffic right now. China sending
industrial and commercial goods to Iran.
But the Iranian
>> exports
>> exports from China to Iran because Iran
is is is cut off in many ways, but the
Iranian officials are saying it could go
the other way as well with
petrochemicals or fuel exports um to
China.
>> Fantastic, Steve.
>> Uh big week for uh the team here.
Stephen Angel, of course, is headed to
Beijing to help cover those stocks for
us. Uh right now uh as far as the
markets go, investors will be looking
for signs here. These easing tensions
between the two presidents when they
meet, the tone, the texture, how they
say it, the different versions and words
they use in their separate communic
case. Uh so how do you how do we look at
this from an opportunity standpoint for
investors here? Genie, you our Asia
stocks reporter has this traders guide
of course to help us navigate these
talks ongoing this week. Genie, so yeah,
where do we where do we start? What are
we looking at here? Um yeah, when we
talked to investors um many many of them
kept saying you know they're not
expecting a lot of concrete measures to
be announced. Um but on the other hand
it's a it's a good signal first overall
for the market you know kind of easing
the political tensions between US and
China. On the other hand there are some
um deals to be made for example like for
example um I think one of the key focus
um during this summit is the rare earth
um so so Trump obviously um there he is
expected to secure the rare earth supply
from China during the summit. Um so for
rarest players you know some of their
shares have already more than double in
the past year. Um but this could be an
extra good news for them if there's any
any any anything to be announced. Um the
other thing I think is the tariff
obviously is one of the key focuses. Um
um right now the effective rate on China
is about 22%.
um you know um and um you know the
consensus when we are talking to people
or they're saying you know they're not
expecting you know this this this rate
to be you know lower or something um but
um um they do expect that the kind the
you know the tones on the tariff could
be eased and which could be a good news
for the exporters especially the ones
that have very big sales exposure to the
US. Um um the other thing
>> what about tech curves?
>> Yes. Yes. tech. Um I think one of the
key focus people are talking about tech
is like um um you know um you know
before this summit we've seen a lot of
headlines you know kind of like
escalating tensions between US and China
you know on one hand like uh China
doesn't uh want this key technology to
be exposed so they're blocking the
manace deal um on the other hand like US
they're they're trying to block some ex
exports to China especially the cheap
for the Huahong semiconductor you know
um some of the some of the news. Um I
think there are a lot a lot of tensions
in the market already. Um but one of the
things um some analysts are saying like
actually there there could be some
relaxation um for example some WFE
equipments um which is the wafer
equipment um which is some tours u used
to made advanced chiefs that could be
one of the areas to be relaxed during
the summit which actually actually could
be a good news for for you know for the
tax sectors um
>> you know because people are already too
concerned about the tensions already so
this could be like kind like a to be
sure um for them. Um and then the other
thing I think um um um is that I think
people may um may increasingly realize
that you know the tensions between China
and US in the long-term tech wars are
not going to be eased you know very
fundamentally going forward. So um I
think this summit will make people
rethink about their positioning in the
uh especially in the domestic hardware
names in China because um obviously
China needs their semiconductor
independence
>> um to achieve you know their ambitions
in the AI development. So um I think I
think this summit could be you know um
could be a good news for the for the
domestic supply chain as well.
>> Okay. It it does. Perhaps it's not as
big of a non-event as as nothing burger
as
>> some people say. All right, Genie. Thank
you. Fantastic. Genie, you there, our
Asia stocks reporter. Uh, by the way,
you can check out Jeanie's piece today.
Uh, the stock traders guide to
navigating these high stakes talks
coming through this week, which have
been confirmed about an hour back here
by the Chinese side. Uh, happening in a
few days or so. That's available on the
terminal and also on bloomberg.com.
Here
are some big corporate headlines we're
tracking for you today. China Wanko says
it has one near unanimous approval from
creditors to restructure a Y bond rep
payment. Now, investors backed changes
to the principal and interest repayment
terms on his 2023 second phase
medium-term note. Under the revised
plan, eligible holders will receive a
fixed payment of $14,700
per account, as well as 40% of the
outstanding principle at the original
maturity date. Now, shares of Intel
closed higher in the US on Friday after
a report the company reached a
preliminary agreement with Apple to
manufacture some of the chips in its
devices. That's according to the Wall
Street Journal which said talks have
been underway for over a year. But they
say it's still unclear which Apple
products would use the Intel made chips.
Saudi Aramco CEO is warning of a long
disruption to oil markets following the
near closure of the straight of Hormuz.
This comes despite the company reporting
a jump in profit after higher oil prices
and demonstrating its ability to
redirect exports through alternative
pipelines. The CEO anticipates that the
oil market will only normalize in 2027
if trade and shipping remain curtailed
for a few more weeks.
>> Right. Um let's have a look at some of
the big movers. And this is a really
massive plunge in CSL. That's of course
a biotech company in Oz. Let's call it
20% 18% down there. uh that should be
the most in record. So you have this
turnaround plan of uh that management
has put in place and it does seem number
one with the cuts in the fullear outlook
um and also perhaps part of that story
is an additional 5 billion in additional
impairments there uh effectively might
mean the turnaround plan will take a lot
more time to effectively see a
turnaround. So we'll see what happens
with that. We're down 18% there. Sony
and TSMC. So there's an earning story,
there's a buyback story, and then
there's this u tie up with TSMC and this
partnering in an effort to re in chipm
expenses that's playing out for Sony in
a very nice way up 9%. TSMC is down
today and very quickly Nintendo is down
in Tokyo today. That's also in the back
of these earnings.
>> I mean, they certainly have been exposed
to this memory squeeze as well. So when
it came to the outlook, you know, that
led to the shares to plunge in Tokyo.
This is Bloomberg.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are going to lunch break in just a
moment. And yeah, you're seeing when it
comes to Nick now, we're seeing a little
bit of downside here about a third of
1%. We're flat on the topics here. Some
weakness that's crossing for the yen at
157 levels. Um but interesting to keep
in mind of course Scott Besson is also
going to be heading to uh I think Japan
and Korea in the next few days here uh
to meet with of course some of the
Chinese counterparts. So could a lot
could be happening over there but yeah
it's interesting how Japan is taking a
little bit of backseat to what we're
seeing in Korea uh today here once again
take a look at your Asia dashboard and
this is what we're seeing here. We're
seeing MXAP up about 610 of 1% that's
really been driven the likes of of the
Cosby. Uh when it comes to US futures,
we're still slightly in negative
territory here, but largely speaking, we
have kind of shook off some of the the
the Iran's sort of headlines here this
morning. The dollar is slightly bit up
here today. But yes, a pretty mixed
picture across the board.
>> It it really is. I think I'm just
looking underneath the hood on in terms
of Asia, right? So I think you have a
very very small majority. So most stocks
are actually up, but it's still a
sizable minority of about calling about
what 40% of stocks that are actually
down. So market breath isn't that good.
I nothing turns me off but worse than
bad breath if you think about it. Um no
no no other meaning intended but the
fact that some of it it becomes
misleading when you look at a benchmark
and you have bad breath and you write a
bad headline and your editor gives you a
headache for it. But anyway, that's just
to say it's it's the details matter,
right folks? Okay. Um inflation actually
came through about an hour back. Um and
this one actually surprised
substantially to the upside on both. So
actually CPI out of China and PPI for
April actually coming in quite
substantially higher. Fastest pace since
2022 on factory gate prices as the war
pushed up costs for companies and you
have cheaper food though keeping
consumer inflation largely in check. Uh
here's the analysis here that we talked
we talked with credit agricult initial
take was this
>> definitely I think China's reflection is
happening faster than people expected
and especially on the PPI front. Uh I
think uh for the CPI uh for the PPI I
think definitely the ongoing Middle East
conflict and the elevated global energy
prices has likely um pushed up the
upstream
uh energy prices and also those uh uh
industrial goods.
>> Okay, let's get more analysis now from
David Chu our uh out of Bloomberg
economics team of course here. So uh why
don't we can we start with inflation
data David? Then we talk about trade.
>> Yeah, sure.
>> Okay. Well, if you're gonna say no, I'm
still gonna ask you. No, I'm kidding.
Why don't we start with inflation? So,
how much of this is supply shock? How
much of this is demand driven? Well uh
we we we cannot uh tell you know
quantitatively how much uh which from
the imply uh from the supply side but we
can say that it is mainly from the
supply side especially from the oil
prices and uh uh actually this time is
something like uh 10 years ago uh when
China started the supply side reform
>> and uh we saw the PPI surge uh sharply
but on the other hand the the influation
was not so strong uh you know uh I did
at that time it was not because of the
outu external shocks but it was because
of internal reforms but still it's the
same it is the from the supply side
shocks
>> uh let's talk about the trade numbers
too which were very strong what do you
think drove that number
>> I think uh two reasons behind that one
uh the ceasefire and also the uh you
know the the improvement in the
sentiment uh helped the the the export
and also the roll back of the US tariffs
also contributed to the to the surge to
the strong number in in export because
if you look at uh China's shipment to
the US it rose uh in in April uh I think
that was the reason and uh another
reason that uh if you look at the
industries you would find that it was
mainly the electronics product that
contributed a lot of the the the the the
the export well uh it's it's easy to
understand if you look at the the stock
index in Korea right
>> so these are down to so when you say
tech tech exports are we talking more
chip equipment are we talking I mean it
can also mean EV exports for example
people want to get a sense of what China
is exporting these days
>> well more of
>> I think both but if you say if we can
only choose one
>> it is the AI related AI related products
such as chips and also other uh
component and parts for AI.
>> All right, David, thank you. David Chu
there from Liber Economics of course and
and given just those those prints that
we got for PPI and CPI. It's interesting
to note the GDD deflator
>> in China has basically snapped out of
negative territory the first time in 12
quarters. Yeah. So um yes, more signs
pointing to of course reflation and
brings us to kind of where China stands,
what position they're going to be coming
into these Trump and she talks that are
happening later on this Thursday.
There's a lot on tap here in terms of
your event risk today or this week. Uh
whether it is of course that summit that
China has confirmed that's going to be
happening later on. You got Scott
Besson's going to be heading to Japan,
heading to uh Korea as well. maybe
possibly to start ironing out some of
those details here to maybe set us up
for what could happen out of Beijing.
The key one to watch is US CPI prices.
We're expecting a pretty punchy and hot
number there coming through uh the US as
well as we start to see Kevin Walsh uh
take the reigns here as Fed chair with
Powell stepping down his tenure ends
this week as well. So yeah, plenty of on
tap here of course. Uh don't forget we
got big earnings to tell you about too.
>> Yes. Uh so you have SoftBank is set to
report and then you have the big
platform and tech companies and airlines
of course Singapore Air is also coming
out as well. It's a very very nice
cross-section of some very uh relatively
large caps in their respective markets
and really I guess as a note on the AI
story and sort of 10-centent and Alibaba
and why the China index has
underperformed the uh well China Chinese
index has outperformed rather the the
hanging tech index. it. This is very
very clear right in terms of earnings
revisions the China index a lot of that
is CL and some of the others there it's
very clear positive earnings revisions
are dominant in the China index they're
not so much in the hingen tech index and
they're going the opposite way this is
year-to- date normalized on both years
>> yeah when you talk about China tech and
the large caps right it's it's not the
pure play of AI that people are are
hoping for and and you have to deal with
things like e-commerce and involution
and price wars and the like and that's
why you're not seeing those revisions to
the upside. Um, but yes, there's a lot
on tap when it comes to the tech side of
things. Let's talk about what could
really lead to that next leg up
>> in equities with many now turning to
this part of the world. That's as we
start to see South Korea, Taiwan have
rallied the most in the world this month
for more. Let's bring in Charlotte Yang,
our Asia equities reporter. She joins us
now. We talk about the relentless
rallies that we're seeing in in Korea
and Taiwan right now. H how are Wall
Street strategists now looking at the
best way to chase this trade?
>> Yeah, so they're still saying that Korea
and Taiwan is a place to be if you want
to play the next leg up for the global
AI trade. I mean that's the message
we're getting from the derivative
strategist. So the setup is not easy
like you mentioned they've rallied so
much. Cosby is up around 85% this year
and you know Tyx is also you know up so
much and then and also one very unusual
signal we're seeing in the options
market is that you have implied
volatility rising just as the spot
market is. So I think that shows sort of
a signal of both euphoria as well
anxiety given there's a very crowded
positioning for traders chasing those
rally. But with that said um so there
are some strategies to play around. For
example, JP Morgan is recommending you
to buy um worst of cause or cost brass
for the TYX index, Cosby Py or Nikke and
and the reason for that is that um they
see you know hardware essentially still
the earnings backbone for the global AI
boom and and for TX for example they see
is the most efficient expression via
index and for Korea Samsung security is
recommending you to do some long gamma
strategies um near-term or like a short
gamma in the next three months just tied
to sort of like calling a pick
volatility. So there are different ways
um for you to play um on the derivative
side
>> as long as things keep going going going
up I think is the underlying assumption.
JP Morgan thinks things will keep going
up in in Korea. What's the new call?
>> Yeah. So JP Morgan has just raised over
the weekend the bull and bear case for
the for Cosby. They're now calling
10,000 for Cosby in a bull case and
9,000 9,000 level for Cosby in a in a uh
in a base case. And um this is following
um Goldman Sachs who have also just
raised their target for Cosby to 9,000.
And the I think the common ground here
is that they they still see the earnings
going so strong and for the next two
years we could be keep seeing a memory
up cycle that's boosted you know by very
favorable pricing dynamics and also how
these remain the bottlenecks uh for the
global AI story. Uh so and and JP Morgan
did say that you know near-term we could
see technical you know signals already
you know raise saying that the rally is
going pretty fast. You have the relative
strength index already overbought and
market brass is narrowing but with that
said you could see some consolidation
but he they still think that investors
should stay positioned because of that
longer term earning story there.
>> Charlotte thank you so much Charlotte
Yang there our Asia equities reporter. I
mean certainly this has been a market
that has defied technical uh signals of
selling right. It's remained overbought
for the I don't know last
12 months.
>> Yeah. Year basically.
>> Yeah. Um I've stopped looking at that
specific chart um as a as a signal.
Anyway, uh in the next hour it's going
to be interesting here because standard
chart that's coming on on Bloomberg
television the chief the global chief
investment officer Steve Rice. Uh so
about I I would say less than a week
back on May 6th he posted on LinkedIn.
Shortly after that they put out their
full call that they've actually exited
that overweight call on outperformers
Asia x Japan Asia effectively and also
semiconductors. So effectively since
that call is up let's call it 9 10%. So
Steve has some explaining to do. Uh
we'll see what he says there of course
lots more ahead. Best number.
Uh I look at Aussie markets right now
half of 1% to the downsides. Um
interesting the conversations recently
there around how much further uh the
tightening cycle can go and of course on
the back of that and separate to that of
course this separate rally we're seeing
in metals like iron ore obviously this
week is is a new one so we'll see
whether those two stories continue to
show themselves in these markets now on
the Australia story the treasur Jim
Thomas says the upcoming budget will
actually aim to address soaring home
prices and help people enter uh the
housing market speaking to Bloomberg in
Canbor Jim Chomers also says a key focus
will be containing substantial inflation
supercharged by the war in Iran.
This is a really responsible budget.
It's about resilience and it's about
reform. Uh it's about getting people
through a difficult period because of
the war in the Middle East at the same
time uh as we meet our obligations to
future generations at the same time. So
a big focus on fuel security, cost of
living and housing. Uh but also uh a
reform package in tax, productivity and
also making the budget more sustainable.
And the budget must look quite different
to what you would have been planning in
February before the attack on Iran. Um
you've now announced, as you said,
billions of dollars of spending for fuel
supplies. What else did you have to
change and what did you have to remove
from the budget to get that money and to
be able to make those savings? One of
the things I'm proudest of is that we've
been able to maintain the effort on
economic reform. The productivity
package is substantial. The tax reform
package also substantial. And the budget
has more than the usual amount of budget
repair as well, $64 billion uh in
savings in the budget. And so we've been
able to focus on the particular
pressures and developments coming at us
uh from a war in the Middle East.
Obviously, those are the new bits. uh
but we've also been able to maintain the
pace and maintain the ambition when it
comes to economic reform.
>> Have you been forced to take that stance
and to cut spending more than you wanted
to because of of what happened in Iran
with the attack by the US?
>> We had some inflationary pressures
before the war in the Middle East, but
the war has made them much more
substantial and that's why we will be
forecasting uh an increase uh in
inflation uh a bit like the Reserve Bank
has been forecasting. So the
inflationary challenges are serious.
They are a big focus uh of the budget.
$64 billion in gross savings uh is um
much more than the usual amount of
savings in an Australian budget. Uh we
will also be banking every dollar of the
upward revision to revenue. Uh but in
some years the revision to revenue is
down. So all of this means that there's
more than the usual amount of pressure
uh on our economy uh on our budget,
inflationary pressures, fiscal
constraints. We're taking all of that
very seriously
>> and later this week, President Trump is
scheduled to go to Beijing to meet with
President Xi. I realize you've got a
busy week ahead of you as well, but have
you sort of paid any attention to that?
And what is your expectation for what
might benefit Australia from that
meeting?
>> Australia is not immune from all of the
developments and pressures playing out
uh around the world. We're better placed
uh than most of our peers. We're well
prepared uh for what we think will be a
long tale even when the war in the
Middle East uh ends. And so there's more
than the usual amount of churn and
change in the world right now. We are to
some extent hostage to decisions taken
uh in Washington or Beijing or Tyrron.
Uh but what we can show in this we
demonstrate in this budget is we've got
a lot going for us even though we've got
a lot coming at us from around the
world. We monitor all of these
developments very closely. And on
productivity, um, you know, it's now the
lowest it's been in decades. And you
spoke about the productivity, you know,
policies that you're going to have
coming into the budget, mostly on the
tax side. Is that enough to really turn
around the story of productivity in
Australia? And what more can your
government do to to help to try and
change that?
>> Well, like a lot of countries,
Australia's had a productivity challenge
in our economy for decades now. Not just
the last couple of years, but the last
couple of decades. In fact, in our
productivity numbers over the last year,
we saw productivity at about 1% growth,
uh, which is better than the 20-year
average, and we saw market productivity
up at about 1 and a half. It's gone up
for a number of quarters now. So, those
are welcome developments, but we don't
get carried away with that because we've
got this long-standing challenge which
has been entrenched in our economy for a
long time. So the productivity package
is actually a very very substantial part
of the budget on Tuesday night. Not just
in tax, but in other areas as well. It's
all about making Australia a more
attractive investment destination,
getting compliance costs down, making it
easier and faster to build in our
economy, whether it be housing or energy
projects. Just today, we've announced
another $2 billion investment in the
infrastructure that we need to get uh
65,000 more homes built, to get projects
over the line, a big emphasis on housing
in the budget, particularly on supply.
And so all of this is about trying to
make our economy more productive, more
dynamic, recognizing we've got a
long-standing challenge. We won't fix it
overnight, but we can shift the needle
over time by acting on a range of fronts
simultaneously.
The Australian Treasurer Jim Chalmer is
there speaking to our James Mer in CRA.
Now to some of the other stories that
we're tracking for you around the world.
Indian Prime Minister Narenda Modi has
urged citizens to curb fuel use as
rising oil prices strain the economy and
push the rupee to record lows. Modi has
suggested measures such as working from
home and online meetings to conserve
energy and urge citizens to avoid
unnecessary overseas travel. The
government is rolling out credit
guarantees for businesses and airlines,
drawing on its pandemic response
playbook. Repatriation flights for
passengers aboard the MV Hondas cruise
ship following a deadly hent virus
outbreak are underway. Flights have
departed for Spain, France, Canada, and
the Netherlands with more scheduled to
Turkey, the UK, Ireland, and the US. The
World Health Organization recommends
passengers return home and undergo
monitoring for 42 days due to the virus
incubation period and we have been
checking some of these hanta virus
related stocks here in the region. We
take a look at diagnostics or protective
stocks. Uh those are have been uh going
up mostly today. Of course you can
rewatch any of our segments on the
Bloomberg video hub. Subscribers can
explore live streaming news and
interviews on all of our Bloomberg TV
shows, documentaries, reporter analysis,
and more. Check it out at
bloomberg.com/videos.
Basically earnings are fantastic,
outlooks are very positive. So that in
itself is good news. But I think in
terms of valuations when you look at
where particularly you know the share
prices of uh some of the memory stocks
um they're really looking into prolonged
super cycle of uh demand and that means
that the demand is going to continue to
exceed uh supply cap even though
capacity is going to come through
starting um towards the end of 20 27
into 28. So the expectation is going to
be prolonged uh over the next through
the next 5 years.
Lorine Ton there from Morning Star,
director of Asia Equity Research where
she also said, you know, when it comes
to this whole tech trade, valuations are
looking a bit stretched here right now.
And that, you know, any sort of signs
that capacity and the like start to be,
you know, that supply constraints to
loosen up, whether it's, you know,
straight up horses reopens or whatnot,
could lead to a dramatic drop in a lot
of the share prices as well as when it
comes to memory chip prices as well.
Everyone's extremely
attuned to looking out for the top. Now,
not to say that the top is clear, right?
And I think that's the point. Everyone's
because of how much the rally has
>> has has has has has happened. You know,
people are reminded of the last cycle
when things turn quite quickly. And by
the way, she said it's very very it's
strange that the market is pricing five
years ahead because you don't normally
have that kind of pricing.
>> Uh but yeah, I mean, but the latest
calls coming through in the short term
do suggest that this rally can still
continue. JP Morgan 9,000 um although
the again the uh uh market breath
situation is also quite concerning and
concentration there with just two stocks
effectively anyway we'll talk about that
later but u other things happening of
course we talked about some of the power
stocks so we talked about China chip
stocks there's the deepseek update based
on the information and there's also
obviously the rally across the the chip
space on Friday with a socks index of 5
and a half% 11% week and we're also
getting some of the power stocks
advancing here on the back of this
separate story which is interesting. I
think a lot of folks miss it because of
the heavy news flow. Uh by 2030, China's
actually put out this blueprint of being
able to integrate AI and what the energy
needs are for that broader endeavor and
market is reacting. In fact, market is
is is is trading on that uh very theme.
That's an official I believe that's an
official statement that's out uh it was
out I think on Friday going into the
weekend. So look at that very very
closely. Uh Indonesia uh we're looking
at metal stocks there. So this royalty
high
>> um that's being proposed here were
actually down as far as those stocks are
concerned.
>> Yeah. So what the government outlined
was higher royalty rates for key
commodities. So including copper, gold
and tin to try to capitalize on these
rising global prices. So uh some
analysts have said this policy could
potentially pressure margins and
earnings uh of some of these affected
issuers moving forward. So that's why
you're seeing some pronounced moves on
some of these miners here this morning
uh in Indonesia. Let let's kind of move
on here and talk a little bit more about
some corporate stories as well. Chip
stocks as we talked about after a report
that Deep Seek was aiming to raise as
much as 50 billion yen. Now that's
according to the information which says
that founder and CEO Dangwinfen may make
a personal investment of as much as 20
billion. Deepseek is also reportedly
planning to speed up its model releases
with a potential update coming in June.
And we're watching shares of CSL. This
is the Australian biotech firm after
they cut fullear guidance and flagged
about $5 billion in additional
impairment. The stock is down and record
lows here uh down some 20% or so. 15.2
billion about so and net profit about
3.1 billion were reported for the year
ending in June 30th which missed the
street. The interim CEO says growth
initiatives are quote working but that
benefits will take longer to
materialize.
>> Okay. Uh we're about an hour and 20
minutes into the cash market session.
Hanging index, nothing much going on
here. I think it's going to get I think
more compelling, let's put it that way.
Uh rest of this week with of course the
big summit. It's now confirmed from the
Chinese side that the two presidents
will be meeting and of course the
earnings story here with Tensson and
Alibaba coming out with earnings this
week. Yeah, you know, it seems like in
terms of deliverables, I think that the
bar is quite low of what really could
come out just given that, you know,
there is the potential for what happens
in Iran to really overshadow what could
come out, whether it's tariffs and the
like, right? So, you know, given the
fact that we have seen, you know, even
when Steve was mentioning even rail
links have shown that, you know, the
somehow Iranians have been bypassing
ways in the straight of four moves to
really get to China and the like and
vice versa. um that could maybe really
dominate the discussions here later on
this week.
>> Okay, so all the more reason for you
guys to tune in to our special coverage
of the meeting this week. Lots more
ahead. We will see you all tomorrow
though here on the China show. SS
Blumber.